# Speech-Recognition
“ Jarvis” was main character of Tony’s Stark’s life adjunct in Pictures Iron Man. Unlike original ridiculous in which Jarvis was Stark’s mortal butler, the movie interpretation of Jarvis is an intelligent computer that converses with stark, monitors his ménage and help to make and program his superhero suit.

In this Design Kasper is Digital Life Assistant which uses substantially mortal communication means similar Twitter, instant communication and voice to produce two way connections between mortal and his apartment, controlling lights and appliances, help in cuisine, notify him of breaking news, Facebook’s Announcements and numerous further. In our design we substantially use voice as communication means so the Kasper is principally the Speech recognition operation. The conception of speech technology really encompasses two technologies Synthesizer and recognizer. A speech synthesizer takes as input and produces an audio sluice as affair. A speech recognizer on the other hand does opposite. It takes an audio sluice as input and therefore turns it into textbook recap. The voice is a signal of horizonless information. A direct analysis and synthesizing the complex voice signal is due to too important information contained in the signal. Thus the digital signal processes similar as Point Birth and Point Matching are introduced to represent the voice signal. In this design we directly use speech machine which use Point birth fashion as Mel gauged frequence cepstral. The mel- gauged frequence cepstral portions (MFCCs) deduced from Fourier transfigure and filter bank analysis are maybe the most extensively habituated front- ends in state-of-the- art speech recognition systems. Our end to produce further and further functionalities which can help mortal to help in their diurnal life and also reduces their sweats. In our test we check all this functionality is working duly.
